https://getpocket.com/users/*em14913924927496b4b/feed/unread
https://getpocket.com/users/*em14913924927496b4b/feed/all
https://theintercept.com/feed/?lang=en news
https://crimethinc.com/feed opinion
http://projectcensored.org/feed/ news media
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/open-source?format=xml tech
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/security?format=xml security tech
https://hackaday.com/feed/ security tech
https://feeds.feedburner.com/motherjones/BlogsAndArticles news opinion
https://www.salon.com/feed/ news opinion
#http://www.salon.com/category/politics/ news opinion
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/science?format=xml tech
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/web?format=xml tech
http://rss.slashdot.org/Slashdot/slashdot media
https://shadowproof.com/feed/ "real news" news opinion
https://www.lawfareblog.com/contributors/41/feed opinion
http://www.aljazeera.com/xml/rss/all.xml news
https://soylentnews.org/index.rss news
http://www.congressionaldish.com/feed/ podcast
https://socialecologies.wordpress.com/feed/ essays
https://feeds.feedburner.com/HarmontownPodcast podcast
https://feeds.feedburner.com/dancarlin/commonsense?format=xml podcast
https://feeds.feedburner.com/DuncanTrussell podcast
https://feeds.feedburner.com/InterceptedWithJeremyScahill podcast news
